README.md, before:

# Personal Tailor Portfolio


## Team Members:
- Haoyuan Song
- Jiajun Chen
- Yuyao Wang  
#### GitHub Link: https://github.com/CarolGo/Final-project.git


# Monte Carlo Simulation Scenario & Purpose:
It is difficult for someone who wants to invest his/her property reasonably without professional financial background.  
It is also unwise for them to take risks pursuing high profits regardless of high risks. Nowadays, robo-advisor helps people solve that problem. Based on this background, our systems will provide you your personal 
tailor investment method on stocks, which help you asset your allocations more precisely and make your investment decisions 
more rationally using Monte Carlo Simulation. Finally, You can get your specific stock portfolios trading frequency 
within the risks you can bear to maximum your income.


### Hypothesis before running the simulation:
Image that we have know the risk preference of users. Based on their preference, we take multiple data including stocks data(provided by yahoo finance),stocks code, time period(start date
and end date)and trading frequency into account. According to those data, this program will return a portfolio with specific weight of stocks and trading frequency.
Financial models called investor's utility function and modern portfolio theory are applied to this system to help the system decide that.
- We use the following configuration for simulation:
1. A given set of particular stocks.
1. historical prices from YAHOO FINANCE!
1. trading frequency(days).

- Hypothesis:  

1. We use the investor’s utility function to evaluate the portfolios. The formula is from WF. sharp(1999)
1. The formula used in calculating excepted risk is from modern portfolio theory(Markowitz, 1952)
1. When there are two portfolios with same expected profits, investors will choose the portfolio with less excepted risk.
1. If the user prefers low risk, a portfolio with long trading frequency will be returned.

### Simulation's variables of uncertainty
- various weight of portfolio:  

  The total weight of the portfolio is 100%.The weight is split by stocks randomly. It is good representation as any proportion of specific stock in portfolio is possible.
- Trading frequency:  


  Trading frequency is set to range from 3 days to 30 days.The frequency can only be integers. All the numbers from 3 to 30 are in same possibility.


## Instructions on how to use the program:
User is required to fill in a questionnaire to evaluate his risk preference and his choices  of stocks. According to those information, the program will require the price data of stocks and compare different results from Monte Carlo variables, finally return the portfolio with most suitable weight and trading frequency to the user. User can take this result as suggestion or resort the portfolio directly.


## Sources Used:
1. Markowitz. Portfolio Selection, The journal of finance[J], 1952, 1540-6261
1. Sharpe, W. F., Alexander, G. J., & Bailey, J. V. (1999). Investments (Vol. 6). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.

Commit message:

update readme and delete some errors.

README.md, after:

# Personal Tailor Portfolio


## Team Members:
- Haoyuan Song
- Jiajun Chen
- Yuyao Wang  
#### GitHub Link: https://github.com/CarolGo/Final-project.git


# Monte Carlo Simulation Scenario & Purpose:
It is difficult for someone who wants to invest his/her property reasonably without professional financial background.  
It is also unwise for them to take risks pursuing high profits regardless of high risks. Nowadays, robo-advisor helps people solve that problem. 
Based on this background, our systems choose a series kind of stocks as input and will provide some specific stock (for example, three stocks from all the stocks) as output using Monte Carlo Simulation. 
By choosing stocks well for you, we also provide you your personal tailor investment method on stocks you choose, which help you asset your allocations more precisely and make your investment decisions 
more rationally. 


### Hypothesis before running the simulation:
Image that all the stocks obey Normal Distribution. We randomly choose eight stocks data from Yahoo Finance including stocks data, tickers, time period (start date
and end date, for example we consider three months to choose specific stock and one year data from website to calculate weights) into account. 
According to those data, this program will return a portfolio with specific weight of stocks.
- We use the following configuration for simulation:
1. A given set of particular stocks.
1. historical prices from YAHOO FINANCE!
1. Investor's utility function and modern portfolio theory.


- Hypothesis:  

1. With Monte Carlo Simulation, we can get to know which kind of stocks we should choose from a large number 
of stock market.
1. After simulation, we will know the exact percentage of each stock we should allocate.

### Simulation's variables of uncertainty
- various weight of portfolio:  

  The total weight of the portfolio is 100%.The weight is split by stocks randomly. It is good representation as any proportion of specific stock in portfolio is possible.
- type of stock:  


  Image that we don't know how to choose stock from various stock market. Depending on investor's utility function,
  we can calculate the maximum of utility.


## Instructions on how to use the program:
User is required to fill in a questionnaire to evaluate his risk preference and his choices  of stocks. According to those information, the program will require the price data of stocks and compare different results from Monte Carlo variables, finally return the portfolio with most suitable weight and trading frequency to the user. User can take this result as suggestion or resort the portfolio directly.


## Sources Used:
1. Markowitz. Portfolio Selection, The journal of finance[J], 1952, 1540-6261
1. Sharpe, W. F., Alexander, G. J., & Bailey, J. V. (1999). Investments (Vol. 6). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.
